Are you crazy?
You dare to cause trouble at the Su's house again?
Do you think my problems are not enough for you?
I gave up everything for you,
and you blame me?
Brother,
Su Jinyue stole your money.
You should demand it from him.
What are you afraid of?
Son,
you are not still thinking about
that despicable Su Jinyue, are you?
Unreasonable.
The invitation from the Su family
asks us to attend a banquet.
What does the Su family mean?
Do they know about Su Jinyue's dirty secrets
and want him to repay them?
The Su family has a project for us, the Zhao family.
We saved them.
Su Jinyue.
Why are you here?
Today is the Su family's banquet,
not just any place.
You don't have to bother Miss Lin.
What's this?
Has your two-month compensation run out?
You...
Don't think that you've hooked up with the Su family
and become a part of it.
Do you dare talk to me like that?
Do you want to see me humiliated?
Besides, you are not a phoenix at all.
Alright.
I don't want to argue with you today.
After all, it's the Su family's banquet.
If you want to fulfill your promise,
then leave quickly.
Don't make me call the security to throw you out.
Lin Xue.
Do you really think this is your Lin family?